Working with forms (#2735)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Uno/Working-With-Forms/Adding-a-form-to-a-widget/index.md

---
versionFrom: 8.0.0
---

# Adding a form to a widget

> There are multiple ways of doing this in Umbraco Uno. In this guide you will get to know how to do both of the ways for adding forms to a site through the use of widgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways of adding a form to your content pages in Umbraco Uno. In this guide, you will learn of two ways to add forms to a site through the use of widgets.
```

> The first option is to add the widget called Umbraco forms. In this widget, you will get the option to select which form you want to add. You can read about this widget's settings in the [Umbraco Forms](../../Widgets/Umbraco-Form).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first option is to add the widget called Umbraco forms. In this widget, you will get the option to select which form you want to add. You can read about this widget's settings in the article about the [Umbraco Forms widget](../../Widgets/Umbraco-Form).
```

![Regular Umbraco Forms](images/Regular-form.png)

> The second option is to add the form through the grid widget. This is not the same set up as in the regular widget. However, the way you add the form is the same as the first option go to the section of the widget that says ***Form*** and then press add and select the form you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second option is to add the form through a Grid widget. The setup here is slightly different than with the Umbraco Forms widget. However, the way you add the form is the same as the first option. Go to the section of the widget that says ***Form*** and then click "Add" to select the form you want.
```
